# PowerShell Error and Event Collection at Scale #

Remain in the dark no longer with Application Insight's telemetry gathering capabilities. This .NET marvel brought to you by the fine folks at Microsoft can now assist you with knowing exactly what is happening with your PowerShell code when you're not looking. Stop guessing and start knowing what your code does when you're not looking!

---

- **Collect Errors Right from the Field**

Application Insights can save entire error records generated by your code and send them to a central location. This is a great way to see what problems occur wherever your code is run in one esay to access location.

- **Know Whats Happening and Where It's Happening**

Data you choose to gather is sent to the cloud allowing you to keep track of key actions and events occurring in your code around the clock. You'll have historic data available right at your finger tips.

- **Build Dashboards Around Your Code**

Build dashboards to visualize the events in your code using either Application Insight's build in dashboarding or take advantage of the PowerBI integration.

- **Find Slow Code**

Use Application Insights to measure code execution so you know when and where something isn't as fast as it should be.

- **Use in Both Binary and Script Based PowerShell**

Do you author your code in C#, F#, or PowerShell? No matter what language you choose, Application Insights is build for the .NET family and will run where you need it to.

- **Adjustable Telemetry Levels**

Not everyone feels comfortable with, or is allowed to join in with, telemetry collection. We'll cover how to set variable telemetry options allowing the users of your code the option to opt into or out of telemetry gathering.

---

I've have not seen much in the way of application performance monitoring demonstrated with PowerShell and I believe this to be a powerful tool that can be added to convention-goers toolbox, especially those who run PowerShell at scale.

I'll demo:

- Gathering exceptions
- User configurable telemetry settings
- Gathering code performance metrics
- How to use Application Insights in binary and script based code
- Reporting and visualizing data via dashboards
- How to pull Application Insights data into PowerBI

Thank you for taking the time to read my submission and I hope you will consider my talk for the 2018 conference!